Update to Core 13.9.3 (#1365)
realm/realm-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a public `RealmLog` class that replaces `AppConfiguration.Builder.log()`. (Issue [#1347](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/pull/1347))
* Realm logs will now contain more debug information from the underlying database when `LogLevel.DEBUG` or below is enabled.
* Avoid tracking unreferenced realm versions through the garbage collector. (Issue [#1234](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/1234))
* `Realm.compactRealm(configuration)` has been added as way to compact a Realm file without having to open it. (Issue [#571](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/571))
* `@PersistedName` is now also supported on model classes. (Issue [#1138](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/1138))
* [Sync] All tokens, passwords and custom function arguments are now obfuscated by default, even if `LogLevel` is set to DEBUG, TRACE or ALL. (Issue [#410](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/410))
* [Sync] Add support for `App.authenticationChangeAsFlow()` which make it possible to listen to authentication changes like "LoggedIn", "LoggedOut" and "Removed" across all users of the app. (Issue [#749](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/749)).

### Fixed

> * Querying on a `RealmSet` using a list of values would result in a SIGABRT. (Issue [#1183](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/1183))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Querying a `RealmList` or `RealmSet` with more than eight entries with a list of values could result in a SIGABRT. (Issue [#1183](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/1183))
```
